Y
and well this is going to try
combinations of dragons
rare legend dragons for this
we need this benefit page and
it is necessary to have many dragons
I have 112
none is repeated or sonia as
normal
I have many
many many dragons of different
they have many islands and good in me
new channel I do not have the video but I
I'm going to send the video from my other channel and
good to see it first to do
this good we started for this good
let's go to the white part right foot
now
and we copy
with information to see here
what we have
here will go into second studies that
you ask us because it is not going to paralyze
intro of dragon city and will not be able to
play for 30 minutes as it is bathed
but for 30 minutes and good as there
waited 10 seconds
since all our dragons will come out
that we have
bill I'll make some good tics if they want
have the legendary pick a dragon
legendary
that dragon is already the main one for
have many legendary or rare but if
We eat another
let's use
an exit of image as it is in love
to calculate the result
the combination of men
it does not matter that it is d
if he does not behave well
we are in caring
two
but no
here is in all our mountain of
breeding
Good Morning
and lots
be careful
that I have and we play the first
mountain joy
we already want here these two or one
hour
good look
two
and in the people
they take a long time and this I think in the
terna generates and quickly then
wait start
and well let's give it to a theme and
Claudio
and some results
l
and well this will not stay with wax but
they can show it they can
search in google
and good when they want that dragon the
Master of stock has already been saved
automatically on your breeding mountain
which is the first and good when the
dredge is another
the second
and we can change another
on the other hand tropical and good you
we can again this since yes dragon
you liked everything good
even if you liked the dragon let's go
this
and now we can put another mountain of
pups and then
and on the other
obvious
and wants us to follow our
and well, it's just a matter and
we will use
good as for the video until it
load full and good I'll be back
and good as we see here is what I
I put good
here are the ones that I put good
I had put a pure dragon the dark and
good
and I hope you liked this video
you know how to give a like comments and
subscribe and do not forget to share my
videos with your friends so they know that
there are new and old tricks